1. How do the topics we will learn about correspond with the activities you listed in
your opening brainstorm? List at least one concrete example of a technical
session and which activities from your list it covers.
Ans:-
I can't understand this question completly but as per my understand I am giving the answer 
In the tecnical session Instructors are very communicative.
They are explaining each and every point,they answering the learner questions.
I like the session that they give some senarios making small groups so that every learner
 can get a chance to share their points with the team.



2.Where do you see that we are focusing on the breakdown moments? List at least
three session topics.
ans:-
From the week0 coordinators and instructors are explaining about course and how it 
going to  be and they understand what we(
learners) need (Proficiency in Technical skills).

Generation team teaching from the basics and also
 generation team planned technical and non-technical syllabus in a efficient manager 
 They create a planner gudie learners can cover all the topics with out any rush.
(TIME AND PROJECT MANAGEMENT)

Generation team communicating every learner and finding what their problems and soving it.
(Communication)team answering the questions very peasently.



3.Which technical session(s) are you most excited about? Why?
Ans:-
1. Programming Fundations
2.Team Project
3.Salesforce cintent.

These programming Foundations and Salesforce are very new to me.
I don't have any experience with that.I am excited abot it.
Team project also importent so I can get more knoweledge with group work.

4. Performance Goals are the goals you will be working toward during the entire
program and all sessions and learning experiences will help you build toward
mastery of these goals. Identify three performance goals that you feel might be
the most challenging. Which behavioural skills and mindsets would you need to
exercise to help you address the challenges?

Ans:-
Before I dont't have any experience with these technoligies.
so 
Facing Interview 
Working real time envornment with time management
New Tecnilogies.
Communication skills,patience  and proactive these are helps to reach my challenges.


